[core] Batch small changes (#26628)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/components/app-bar/app-bar.md

## Enable Color on Dark

> The `color` prop has no effect on dark mode according to [Material Design guidelines](https://material.io/design/color/dark-theme.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following the [Material Design guidelines](https://material.io/design/color/dark-theme.html), the `color` prop has no effect on the appearance of the AppBar in dark mode.
```

> You can opt-out by setting the `enableColorOnDark` prop to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can override this behavior by setting the `enableColorOnDark` prop to `true`.
```
